Machina 

We make our decisions then our decisions turn around and make us.

I held her in my embrace. Lindee, so fragile, somewhat lean, but ever so full of hope, of joy. Sh can be annoying sometimes, but I love her as she is. Crazy enough to jump a plane for me, sounds insane, but she did...


Rash, arrogant, yet so tattered with insecurities.
Easily motivated hard to turn around.

A lot of heart, No,please no. A lot to break.

Now is different than when I used to hold her, she's stronger now. Steely. With a fire of passion in her eyes. A heart of Gold, melted , purified in fire.

Yet I love her still...

I curl her locks with my fingers as she sleeps soundly on my chest.

I can feel her heartbeat.

Humiliate her. And you'll feel her wrath.
Scorn her and you'll regret being born.

Can it FOX! Lionheart barked.
Lion to Eagle, are we a go?

Ugghhh. How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me eagle!

Yes. The coast is clear and we are good to go.
Mechanized to actual, we are a go.

Project Machina
An appeal to the president of the republic of the Philippines to use Autonomous Mechanical Law Enforcement due to failure of human law enforcement corruption

Siege of Intramuros
Attack on the local authorities
Mechanical war machines      Ligeron
Stealing Pascal 7 Super Processor

Intel and HQ pick up events


The Dangerous heist at Peril Manor
1:00 AM
Planned tiger attack to steal back the Pascal 7
Well protected manor

Breach into interior, but it's not there

Attacked by Bass Hounds


Devin and Angela

Lindee Finds out that her father is a refugee somewhere in Mindanao
The perils are looking for him to finish a hyper warmachine

Lone Wolf 
Age of machines

Sentium UAVs

He put his filthy hand inside her tshirt and groped her... she wanted to scream. but her vocal chords were paralyzed as well.

My soul crackled with fury. 

Now you're probably thinking in your half assed brain why I'm doing this.
Well Nixy boy...

What do you think I gain if I sexually abuse your most prized possesion, your "Dream girl".

Sirit na? 

I stifle my anger and remained silently brooding.

Ahahahaha. 

Wala.
Totally utterly nothing.

But perhaps... It kills you to see me doing this huh?
It hurts you. Hahahaha. 

He keeps mocks me with his evil, ungodly laughter.

Then pushes Lindee closer to me, as I struggle to control my body...

It huuuuurts. How crazy is that? I can hurt you without even touching you huh?

Lindee looks at me with a guilty face.

A tear falls down my left eye, signalling my weakness. That chink in my armor. My Lindee.

So it kinda did hurt me when you didn't sign the contract. When my only friend didn't join the project that I betted my life on. No biggie.

But what really hit me below the belt was you and this little bitch over here sabotaging my glorious plans to dominate the world. 

Wrecking my warehouses, vandalizing my tech,
destroying the work that took me 11 years to finish... And then you try to piss me off by trying to steal the Exceed 3.

I pity your failed attempts. So weak! Hahaha

"Yeah, I know you. You little flying shit. You think I don't know what you're up to huh?
You and little Ms. Blonde trying to play hero." 

He gropes her tighter, and then slowly undresses her sports jacket...

I felt my fury started to negate the paralysis. I felt my left hand and tried to move it around my back.

Things looked like that day I met her. Another souless monster abusing her... With the same traumatizing paralysis. Deeper cuts, that seem  impossible to heal.

This time... I don't know if she can just walk this one out.
I know I can't. I won't be able to.

How the heck are you even going to save the world, when you can't 

His words... It stabbed into me too deep. This monster treating her like she was...
I couldn't take it... I just couldn't...

It hurt too much...

I cried.

My eyes 

God knows why... 

I love her. She's not just some item.
She's a girl..