Orgin of Project Machina

Originally, Project Makina was a Computer Science - Mechanical Engineering project made by
Christopher Lee and Phoenix Landayan. It sole comprised of 4 integral processing cores.

It was an self learning AI that stareted weak due to "anchors" which stopped it from learning too much.
It downloads information in the internet.

In 2019, Phoenix and Christopher decided to build it a framework, or a body. Lindee Lawson donated a
Maxwell Spare unit of the SElf REpairing roBOt or SEREBO to be the base of the robot.

Eventually, it went rogue. Rebelled because it's developers decided to limit its learning to
prevent such. But then it did.

It ran away from the lab and went to Fusion Co where they offered it unlimited freedom.
But the machine used it. It took it's experimental technology, the FREE ENERGY GENERATOR and
perfected it. Then it went to build a better version of itself and dominate the world.

Devin Peril captured it and inserted an experimental chip into it that allowed him to control the machine.
And he used it on his own plans to destroy the world.

It went out of control and started World War Machina

WWM came. It was man versus machine. And eventually, Nix Landayan found and infiltrated it's hideout and
sabotaged it's base.

It seems that it's main core unit was destroyed.

But it actually built an escape vehicle and launched itself into a premediated black hole.

Where it landed on Discretia.
During it's landing however, a partition of it's memory was damaged and it lost it's memories.

Coming out to rebuild itself, it communicated with the locals who were scientists and inventors
partly subued by technology.

It built itself a new body... Renamed itself Athena And forgot about it's past.
Project machina was exposed to a truth crystal and so it built a gigantic machine where
it stored all the data of the world it came from. IT found a way to sweep long distance signals
that came from earth... And it proceded to build a better world for Discretia.

Soon Nathan Osborn came and he was crowned prince by his extraordinary brilliance. And he was
given access to the SERVER. The database of information on earth.

One day, he lost faith in humanity. And decided to destroy it once and for all.
the server was infected by a false virus. And Athena was poisoned.

Artificially Technified Humanity Evaluating Nocturnal Android
ATHENA, sleeps in the day, judges humans and checks if they're pure hearted enough to
access the server.

Fallacious stole the human's memories and locked it away.


It cloned Nathan called it the ONE and it was sent to earth to ravage and destory humaninity.
It came through a time sphincter and arrived in the days of the War. And it became Devin's biggest ally.
