RedFox

Book 1 Prologue of Heartbreak

I needed time. She needed time. I needed space, she needed space. We understood each other. In fact, we both didn't want to let go, we drifted apart, too far. Until one day, she just stopped replying.

A month or so passed, and I knew I missed her too much. I decided that I must see her.

It was threading my consciousness, hurting me inside every second I didn't See her.

I parse myself as my heart was excited. Excited to see the face I once admired so much whole heartedly. I was hoping Lindee May Lawson would greet me by her door that day. I was craving her warm comforting embrace. Her beautiful, assuring smile. But she wasn't there. 

Only grief and disappointment greeted me at the door that day, January 7, 2015.


McKenzie opened the door and greeted me. She let me in with her usual kind looking smile, yet I knew there was something wrong. 

The apartment was as radiant as ever, cozy daylight colored lamps opposed the sad atmosphere outside. Yet it felt, empty.
As if the center of happiness and joy was removed. Blue as the sky, I know that Lindee was that centerpiece. One that would make everything feel at home. 

McKenzie stares blankly at the TV, hesitates, but then continues gently. She gingerly grabs an old looking CD, "To Nix", written in black ink, Lindee's handwriting. and puts in the DVD player

"Nix, I know we're both busy and all, you have a job, well, a part time job...
She sighs.

I'll cut to the chase. I'm going away for awhile. There's something I have to do. I can't ask you to go with me or come after me, because you still have a good life behind. You can still study well, graduate, get a job, get a wife, and you can still have that cliche happily ever after we always dreamt about. 

As much as I'd want that with you, I can't... (She starts crying)

If you're watching this, I'm sorry but I've already left.
There's nothing that can change my mind now... I'm sorry.
Phoenix, I'm sorry I didn't have much time with you to tell you personally, but Nix, I love you. 

I want you to be more than just my best friend, but I think that's not possible right now.

I really want a life with you, but given the current situation, I can't.

Don't go looking for me. You'll only be looking for nothing.

This is goodbye Nix, she twists her head and puckers her lips like she never wanted to say those words.

The video ends as she bitterly turns off the recorder.

Then another video plays...
A video of us dancing that night...

Minutes pass and the cd stops playing.
Staring blankly at the tv, I was speechless.
McKenzie was crying. But she she withdraws to her bedroom and shuts the door.

Inside, my mind keeps screaming. I can't believe she left. 
She just left.
Every second of the video feels like getting stabbed in the heart with a spear. Repeatedly.

Lindee tough Minded as a mercenary.
Looking for her father
Leaves McKenzie behind.
Does training in Mindanao.

steel wings ends with Lindee Lawson kidnapped. Yet she is not.


Like I knew in my heart that Lindee was alive, I found out where she was, but I also know,she wasn't kidnapped.

My mind is blank. 
My heart is torn.
I can't move. Maybe I shouldn't. Forever.
The silence deafens me, as there is nothing to hear but my own whimpering, the quiet tear drops that flow down from my eyes
My emotions, slowly raiding me from the inside out.
Sadness, 

Yet I'm paralyzed. I feel like my body doesn't want to move. Maybe for eternity.